Landing Page: A simple display of the apps capabilities using relevant illustrations
Main colors: soft blacks, calm whites, deep purplish would be a nice touch
Fonts: Choose ones that make the best of display

Desired App Features
1. Authentication and profile management - JWT should be fine, Google SSO, For a start simplicity over clever
2. User registrtion and login - current design is legit awesome, but if we could get some more interesting movement out of what we have so be it 
3. Profile Creation and management - user, workspace, level of users, admin, surveyor etc
4. Password recovery - I forgot my Password, OTP, Passkey, something simple
5. Personalized dash with recent surveys created, fill statistics, and some simpe additions to what we already have
6. Customizable settings and preferences - maybe profile wise, light or dark modes, 
7. Survey input components - all types of inputs from short text, long text, page setting features such as headers, descriptions, buttons with certain predefined actions
(I will attach a screenshot of the same)
8. Page outlook - A well positioned component selection pane on the left, a wide canvas in the middle, a neat sleek component settings pane on the right
9. How will this work? Multiple tabs with different actions should make this work -> Create, Edit, Share, Check People who have filled (a better name would be nice)
10. Any other survey creation features you might be conversant with that make the app an end to end joy to work with
11. Audio component features desired:
    a. Ability to categorize decibel thresholds in a way easy to understand for the surveyor - is this okay or below in quality control
    b. Prioritize use of .wav files so as not to lose any quality in case client wants to do ML with the Audio later or wants to use it for Biometrics
    c. Allow downloads in all the audio versions available or only the mainstream ones known to many People
    d. For the Audio thresholds: Frequency, SNR, Decibels and their layman sorta interpretations for the surveyor to tell quality level or what needs to be improved
    e. Optimization of the audio services: noise cancelling | after or during recording, transcription services based on locale and what would be needed for this, sentiment analysis of transcribed data (for the future but a simple version would not hurt)
12. Allow appropriate user configs for each survey component

the focus is on very clean UI and solid backend Architecture

Onto the tech stack:
I love the design present at the moment, but I would like a complete reset of everything
Steps:
1. Delete everything
2. Backend desired stack: FastAPI + MySQL (XAMPP) 3306 + One of the cleanest DB designs ever created + Clean Code Architecture + Best Practice
3. Frontend: React Ts + Tailwind + Shadcn || NextJs + Shadcn + Clean Code Architecture + Best Practice
4. Anything that can be dockerized to assist with some of the app functionality is welcome - however, i would prefer to work with it first locally before either dockerizing or deploying it to the network
5. Github workflows and unit tests relevant to this solution are also welcome to ensure a tight end to end quality assured piece of work
6. Allow room for iteration to get something interesting
7. Also, create python environment to ensure everything is well put
8. In case of better software implementation technology stack - select it and give appropriate reasons for that approach, otherwise stick to our stack

Go time!
